I'm sorry, Doctor.
I just don't see the value
of this man's work.
But, Garak, Shakespeare
is one of the giants
of human literature.
I knew Brutus was
going to kill Caesar
in the first act.
But Caesar didn't
figure it out
until the knife
was in his back.
But that's what
makes it a tragedy.
Caesar couldn't conceive
that his best friend
would plot to kill him.
"Tragedy" is not
the word I'd use.
"Farce" would be
more appropriate.
No, no,
supposedly this man
is supposed to be a leader
of a great empire,
a brilliant
military tactician,
and yet he can't see
what's going on
under his own nose.
Hmm.
Doctor, are you in a hurry?
I have to get to the Infirmary.
I've got a lot of work
to do this afternoon.
Oh, you're fortunate.
I have more time
on my hands than I
know what to do with.
Maybe you could
finish those trousers
I dropped off last week.
Tomorrow.
Uh, tomorrow.
You're going to give
yourself indigestion.
I only have you
to thank for that.
If you hadn't been so late,
I could have enjoyed
my lunch.
This isn't the first time
I've seen you rush
through a meal.
You never take the time
to savor your food.
a human characteristic.
It seems to be
Look over there.
That Talarian
is barely halfway
through his meal,
but his human companion's
plate is empty.
Well maybe he and I
can have dessert
while you and the Talarian
while away the afternoon.
But it is a very interesting
sociological phenomenon,
don't you think?
For generations now,
humankind has had
more than enough food,
eating as if you were afraid
and yet, you go about your
someone was going to come along
and snatch away your plate.
for a while and let me talk?
Garak, why don't you eat
Fear of starvation amid plenty.
It points to some dark secret
hidden in the human soul,
a gnawing
hunger.
Perhaps someone
should do a study.
Why don't you?
You appear to have plenty
of time on your hands.
to have your dessert,
Doctor, if you want
please, go ahead.
I have to go,
I won't be offended.
and I'm sorry to leave
while you're still eating.
No, no, I'm
done as well.
But you've hardly
touched your plate.
If you really must know,
I've been nibbling
on Delavian chocolates
all morning.
Where did you get
Delavian chocolates?
Well, I promised my
supplier I wouldn't tell,
but since I deprived
you of your dessert,
I'd be more than happy to
bring some by the Infirmary
later this afternoon.
Why, thank you.
I'd like that.
Until then, Doctor?
KIRA:
Uh, Julian.
Major.
Garak.
About those atmospheric
specifications
you requested for
the Yalosian Ambassador...
60 percent nitrogen,
10 percent benzene,
and the rest hydrogen
fluoride, as I recall.
Well we ran a test in one
of the guest quarters.
The mixture is so corrosive
it dissolved the carpet.
Well, don't look at me.
It's what they breathe.
Oh, then I guess we'll just
have to rip out the carpets.
Why not?
Be sure not to replace them
with anything red or orange.
They don't see that part
of the color spectrum.
Is there anything else
I should know about
the Yalosians?
As a matter
of fact...
( explosion )
Bashir to Infirmary.
Medical emergency
on the Promenade.
It's Garak's shop.
( people yelling )
Oh...
Are you all right?
As well as can be expected.
But I'm afraid your pants won't
be ready tomorrow after all.
( sighing ):
Report.
The explosion was caused
by a rupture in the power
conduit behind that wall.
What caused the rupture?
Well, probably an overload
in the ODN juncture.
( chuckles )
I take it
you don't agree.
Well, let's just
say, I find it odd
that a conduit running
behind Garak's shop
should just happen
to overload.
SISKO:
So you think someone
ruptured it deliberately?
I wouldn't be
surprised.
It stands to reason
that a man
with Garak's past
would have enemies.
I'm detecting traces
of nitrilin.
Nitrilin is
extremely unstable.
And very rare.
It couldn't have come
from the power conduit.
This could be
the residue from a
micro-explosive device
planted on
the conduit
and rigged to
cause a rupture.
look like an accident.
Making the explosion
Exactly.
Hmm.
Sisko to Ops.
Go ahead, Commander.
KIRA:
Delay the departure
of all vessels
until further notice.
I have reason to believe
that someone may have tried
to kill Mr. Garak.
Who would want to kill me,
a simple tailor?
ODO:
A simple tailor.
A simple tailor who
used to be an agent
of the Obsidian
Order.
The Obsidian Order.
Constable, you shouldn't
put too much stock
in the good doctor's
flights of fancy.
Now, are you sure this explosion
wasn't an accident?
Because I can't think
of anyone who would
wish me harm.
Someone tried to
kill you, Garak.
Whoever it was
may try again,
so if I were you,
I would give this matter
some serious thought.
Well, let me see.
I mean, there's the Nausicaan
whose wedding suit I misplaced,
and the Yridian I owe money to,
there's always Major Kira.
and, of course,
This is serious, Garak.
I'm being serious.
I don't think she likes me.
She doesn't, but if
she wanted you dead,
you would be.
You do have a point.
Could this attempt
on your life have
anything to do
with the reason
you were exiled
from Cardassia?
Oh, I seriously doubt
the Finance Ministry
would try to have me killed
for failure to pay my taxes.
You expect us to believe
that's the reason
you were exiled?
Do you think I would lie
about a thing like that?
It's not something I'm proud of.
I don't like
explosions
going off on my
station, Garak.
Innocent people
could have been hurt.
You could have
been killed.
Now, if there's
anything you know
you're not telling us,
I suggest you
start talking.
I've told you everything
I can think of.
( sighs )
All right, then.
I'll investigate the "leads"
you've given us.
If there's anyone else
you think I should talk to,
let me know.
I certainly will.
SISKO: We've assigned
a security detail to you.
I suggest you stay
as close to them
as possible.
Ah.
Someone should
do a study.
A study?
To try and figure out
why some people
can't bring themselves
to trust anyone,
even if it's in their
own best interest.
Why is it no one
ever believes me,
even when I'm
telling the truth?
Have you ever heard
the story about the boy
who cried wolf?
No.
It's a children's story
about a young shepherd boy
who gets lonely
while tending his flock,
so he cries out
to the villagers
that a wolf is
attacking the sheep.
The people come running
but, of course,
there's no wolf.
He claims that it's run away
and the villagers praise him
for his vigilance.
Clever lad.
Charming story.
I'm not finished.
The next day,
the boy does it again,
and the next, too,
and on the fourth day,
a wolf really comes.
The boy cries out
at the top of his lungs,
but the villagers
ignore him,
and the boy and his flock
are gobbled up.
Well, that's a little
graphic for children,
wouldn't you say?
But the point is,
if you lie all the time,
nobody's going
to believe you,
even when you're
telling the truth.
Are you sure that's
the point, Doctor?
Of course.
What else could it be?
That you should never
tell the same lie twice.
You wanted to see me?
I have bad news for you.
an airtight alibi.
Major Kira has
the passenger manifests
I thought you might
want to look over
of ships that recently
came to the station.
To see if I recognize anyone
who might wish me harm?
Exactly.
I suggest you start with
the most recent arrivals
and work your
way backwards.
Well, don't worry about me,
Constable.
I can manage on my own.
I'm not about to leave you
alone in here
so you can look through
my security files.
What makes you think
looked through them?
I haven't already
I'm joking, of course.
Of course.
No, I'm afraid I don't
recognize any of these names.
The bomb could have
been planted days ago
or even weeks.
I suggest you
keep going back
just to be sure.
Oh, well, this
could take forever.
I should think
you'd have plenty
of time on your hands
now that your shop
is no longer open
for business.
( door opens )
Hmm.
Odo, I...
I finished running
the bio-molecular scan
you asked me for.
I found traces
of living tissue
on the bulkhead
around the blast site.
This looks like
the remains
of a pheromonic sensor.
It's triggered
A what?
when a person of a particular
species gets within range.
a Cardassian. Me.
In this case,
They're known to be favored
by Flaxian assassins,
and it just so happens
the station just this morning.
a Flaxian came aboard
So, Mister... Retaya,
your papers indicate
that you're a merchant.
mostly fabrics and fragrances.
I deal in fine wares,
According to
my information,
you were a suspect
in the murder
of Dekora Assan
on Japori II.
on those charges.
I was cleared
of mistaken identity.
It was a case
This is your
sample case, I take it.
Yes.
Well, how fortunate.
As it happens,
I'm looking for a gift
for a friend.
A lady friend?
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I don't
have a sense of smell.
Perhaps you could describe
this fragrance for me.
It has a somewhat...
floral bouquet.
Hmm.
We have a Cardassian tailor
here on the station
named Garak.
There was an explosion
in his shop
not long after you arrived.
I felt the blast.
Was he hurt?
Not seriously.
Hmm?
That one is more musky
than the first.
Oh.
when the explosion occurred?
Tell me, where were you
as I arrived this morning.
I went there as soon
The Ferengi's bar.
Mm-hmm.
Huh?
describe that one as... spicy.
I suppose I would have to
Mm... I see.
And how long were you
at Quark's?
Right up until your Deputy
The rest of the day.
came and brought me here.
So, have you found something
for your lady friend?
Almost.
something both floral...
I think she would like
and musky.
Perhaps... if we
mixed these two?
Why not?
( smelling )
Very nice.
But on the other hand,
she's also quite fond
of spicy things.
Maybe we
could add...
a drop of this
as well.
they would go well together.
I really don't think
Let's find out.
will like the aroma.
your lady friend
Much less the fact
that when these three
fragrances are combined
they produce a gaseous mixture
that can trigger a fatal heart
attack when inhaled.
I had no idea.
Then why did you stop me
from mixing them?
As I said, I simply
didn't think your friend
would like the aroma.
any more questions,
Unless you have
I'd like to go now.
I have deliveries to make
on Cardassia.
you can leave the station.
I'll let you know when
Everything's set.
The transponder
is on board
the Flaxian's ship.
You're sure
he won't find it?
Not a chance.
I've hidden it inside
the ship's magneton relay.
You'll be able to track him
as long as you stay within
half a light year.
Who do you think he's
going to lead you to?
If I knew that, I wouldn't
have to follow him.
Oh, I was wondering
when you'd get here.
The Flaxian left
two minutes ago.
If we're going to follow him,
we'd better get moving.
I'm going to follow him?
What makes you think
I happen to know that
you're too dogged
an investigator
to allow the only
witness in this case
to simply disappear.
Your powers of deduction
are truly astonishing.
Oh, congratulations.
with my dogged investigation.
Now, if you will kindly
disembark, I will get on
I intend to go with you.
Forgive me...
but are you making a joke?
Cardassian humor escapes me.
Believe me, when someone
I'm quite serious.
tries to kill you,
it's no laughing matter.
Perhaps,
but I don't require
your company
on this trip.
My presence could be
most helpful.
Especially if the Flaxian
goes into Cardassian space.
I am not interested
in debating your
usefulness to me.
I hate to interrupt you,
but the Flaxian is
getting farther away.
Now, I assume you've placed
a tracking device on his ship,
but if we don't get started soon
he's going to get out of range.
Rio Grande to Ops.
Request permission
to depart.
Permission granted.
KIRA:
Trust me, Constable
I can be a most pleasant
traveling companion.
And this promises to be
an interesting trip.
is working perfectly.
The tracking device
If I'm reading this correctly--
and I'm no expert--
it looks like the Flaxian ship
is about to go into warp.
Well... it seems
that our "interesting trip"
has just been cut short.
According to our sensor logs,
the Flaxian ship exploded
O'BRIEN:
the moment its warp
drive was engaged.
Was there
malfunction?
Well, that's what
I thought at first.
Then I analyzed
the telemetry from
the transponder
I planted on board
the Flaxian ship.
Just before
the explosion,
there was an
interference pattern
in the transponder's
signal.
could have been caused
This interference
neutrino inversion.
by a forced
The Romulans. They use
neutrino inverters
in their explosive
devices.
to destroy the Flaxian's ship?
Why would the Romulans want
One possibility
is that the Romulans hired
the Flaxian to kill Garak
and then killed the Flaxian
when he failed in his mission.
Do you have any evidence
to support that?
It's only a supposition,
but it fits the available facts.
All right, Mr. Garak.
Do you know why
the Romulans might hire
someone to kill you?
I have
no idea.
I'm getting tired of
hearing you say that.
How long do you expect us
to believe...
ODO:
He's telling
the truth, Commander.
He doesn't know why the Romulans
would try to kill him.
SISKO:
What makes
you so sure?
he'd already be spinning out
Because if he did know,
an elaborate web of lies
to cover up the truth.
is usually just an excuse
for lack of imagination.
Well, the truth
ODO:
Is it?
the Romulans have against me,
If you want to know what
you'll have to ask them.
I intend to,
to be entirely forthcoming.
but I don't expect them
the Flaxian's ship.
Yes, we destroyed
I have to say I'm
a little surprised
to hear you
admit it so easily.
Why would we hide it?
Retaya was wanted
for crimes against
the Romulan Empire.
was perfectly legal.
His execution
We have information
that he may have worked
as an assassin.
to corroborate that,
I have nothing
though it wouldn't surprise me.
SISKO:
Well, shortly after
he arrived here,
someone tried to
kill a Cardassian
who lives aboard
this station.
That would be Mr. Garak...
a cobbler, I believe.
A tailor, actually.
I'll correct our records.
That is, if he's still alive.
He is.
Is there anything else?
Well.
ODO:
One more thing.
How long had
the Tal Shiar
been looking
for Retaya?
Nearly a year. Why?
Isn't it curious
that you finally
caught up with him here
just hours after he attempted
to kill Mr. Garak?
to have found him at all.
We're just grateful
Now, if you're finished,
Commander,
I have other matters
to attend to.
Hmm!
I take it you don't
believe her either?
No.
But the question
still remains.
Why would the Romulans
want to have Garak killed?
I don't know.
Considering those uniforms
of theirs, you'd think
they'd appreciate
a decent tailor.
So, where does this leave
your investigation?
At a standstill.
We don't know that the
Romulans hired the Flaxian.
We don't even know
that it was Retaya
who tried to kill Garak.
All we do know is
that a bomb went off
in Garak's shop.
All right...
then let's start with him.
What do we know about Garak?
He was exiled
from Cardassia,
for what reason,
we're not sure.
He never leaves the station.
He avoids contact
with other Cardassians.
And it's possible that he was
once an intelligence agent
of the Obsidian Order.
A very strong
possibility, Commander.
Agreed. So we can assume
that this attempt on his life
had something
to do with the Order.
Unfortunately, he's
rather uncooperative
when it comes to
answering questions
about his past.
And the Obsidian Order
is uncooperative
when it comes to
answering questions
about their former agents.
Ordinarily, yes.
What do you mean?
in the Cardassian government.
I have certain resources
I take it you don't want
to elaborate on that?
I'd rather not.
But I would like to request
the use of a runabout.
Granted.
Thank you, sir.
MALE:
Stop there.
Where are you?
Nearby.
I've changed
my appearance
since last we
saw each other.
I don't want
you to see me.
I need some information.
Is this about the tailor shop?
Yes.
I didn't do it.
I wasn't going
to ask you that.
I think the Romulans
tried to kill Garak.
Very good, Odo.
I see working
for the Bajorans
hasn't entirely dulled
your instincts.
My question is, "why?"
You'd have to ask
the Romulans.
But I do know that
you are investigating
a very insignificant piece
of a much larger puzzle.
What do you mean?
There's been
a great deal of unusual
Romulan activity
these past weeks.
Cloaked ships believed
to be warbirds
have been detected near
the Cardassian border...
troop movements...
communication
activity...
Sounds like they're
preparing for an invasion.
It has occurred to us,
and we're ready for it,
if it should happen.
But it doesn't make any sense.
Does war ever
make sense?
Still the wry observer
of humanoid folly.
the Cardassian neck trick?
Tell me, do you still do
No, I don't.
Pity. You were
so good at it.
Garak isn't the only former
operative in the Order
who had an "unfortunate
incident" yesterday,
but he's the luckiest.
The other five
didn't survive.
Five operatives were
killed yesterday?
"Killed"? No.
Three died from
"natural causes,"
the other two perished
in "accidents."
Quite a coincidence.
If you believe in coincidence.
I take it you think
the Romulans had something
to do with their deaths?
There were certain indications
of their involvement.
That still leaves us
with the question, "why?"
Here.
Those are the names
of the five dead
operatives.
I suggest you
show that to Garak,
then ask him
that question.
I'll do that.
I trust you'll agree
that this information
satisfies
my debt to you.
Agreed.
However, if you
do learn something
from your tailor
and wish to share
it with me,
I would be indebted
to you again.
I'll consider it.
They're all dead?!
I take it you're not going
to mourn their passing?
Oh, quite the contrary!
In fact, if these were
different circumstances,
I'd be celebrating
tonight.
So you did know them?
Oh, yes, we were
quite well-acquainted.
In the Obsidian Order?
Oh, Constable,
we've been down
this road before.
I don't see why...
I've had enough
of your dissembling, Garak!
I am not Dr. Bashir,
and we are not sparring
amiably over lunch!
Now, you dragged me
into this investigation
and you are now going
to cooperate with me!
"Dragged you in"?
I don't know what
you're talking...
You blew up
your own shop, Garak!
Well...
( chuckles )
I don't think
I've ever seen
that particular
expression on your face.
Is it surprise?
Yes, Constable, it is.
I'm surprised that
you could come to this
unlikely conclusion.
Oh, drop the pretense.
I knew as soon as I spoke
with the Flaxian.
Assassins don't like
varying their methods.
He planned to poison you.
I think you spotted
him on the station
and then blew up
your own shop
so that I'd begin
an investigation.
That seems like
a very elaborate way
to get you involved.
I could have just asked.
If I needed your help
But you couldn't be sure
that I'd take you seriously,
or that I'd help you.
Besides, I think
you secretly enjoyed
destroying
your own shop.
Well, I admit watching it burn
wasn't exactly tragic.
Whether or not you
want to admit it,
you pulled me into this case,
and now you're stuck with me.
I want to know
who those men were
and what your connection
was to them.
We were all associates
of Enabran Tain.
Enabran Tain, the former head
of the Obsidian Order.
He retired some years ago.
the only head of the agency
He was, I might add,
long enough to do so.
who ever lived
his most trusted advisors.
For some time, we were
Do you have any idea
why the Romulans would
want you all dead?
I don't know...
but Tain might.
That is, unless he
suffered an "unfortunate
accident" as well.
That is a distinct possibility.
your communications system?
May I use
By all means.
Well, that's
an interesting way
of scrambling a signal.
Yes, I thought you
might appreciate it
on an aesthetic level.
Ah, here we are.
Mila.
( gasps )
Elim.
I'd see your face again.
I never thought
I need to speak to Tain.
It's urgent.
He isn't here.
You can't.
Where is he?
I don't know.
He left yesterday
in a great hurry.
He wouldn't tell me where...
Maybe he realized
someone was coming
after him.
He's in trouble, isn't he?
You have to help him, Elim.
I know you're still bitter
between the two of you, but...
because of what happened
you must help him, Elim.
tell him to contact me.
If you speak to him,
you'll help him.
Promise me...
I promise.
I'll need a runabout,
Constable.
We'll need a runabout.
I'm coming with you.
So do I.
I hope you know what
you're doing, Garak.
Is there anything you need
me to do while you're gone?
Like what?
I don't know-- any
unfinished business?
Actually, Doctor,
there is something.
Well, what?
If you go into
my quarters
and examine the bulkhead
next to the replicator,
you'll notice
there's a false panel.
Behind that panel,
is a compartment
containing
an isolinear rod.
If I'm not back
within 78 hours,
I want you
to take that rod
and eat it.
Eat it?
Mm-hmm.
You're joking.
Yes, Doctor, I am.
Very funny.
I thought so.
But the answer to your question,
Doctor, is "no."
There's nothing you can do
for me while I'm away.
Then these are for you.
Delavian chocolates.
But these were meant for you.
I know-- I thought
you might need them
more than I do.
Thank you.
Hmm.
Good luck.
We've cleared the station.
Now if you'll be kind enough
to let me know where we're
going, I'll set a course.
Head for the
Cardassian border.
We're going to the third planet
of the Unefra system.
How do you know that's
where Tain has gone?
I don't, but he has
a safe house there
that no one's supposed
to know about--
especially me.
That woman, Mila...
who is she?
and confidant for over 30 years.
She's been Tain's housekeeper
She seemed almost fond of you.
Is it so hard to believe
( chuckles )
that there's one person
in this galaxy
with a certain affection?
who could regard me
Well, I could believe
there's one,
but I wouldn't expect it
to be someone who worked
for Enabran Tain.
As I understand it,
the two of you didn't part
on the best of terms.
You could say that.
Tain was directly responsible
for my exile from Cardassia.
Then I don't understand...
Why I would be risking my life
to help him?
Yes...
Exactly.
I can see how that
would be puzzling.
( exhales deeply )
All right...
you owe him something.
A logical deduction.
Ha!
I see why you're the Constable.
But it's more
than that.
He means something to you.
Something personal?
from deduction to supposition.
Ah, now you've just moved
who would go to such lengths
You're not the kind of man
simply to repay a debt.
Are you trying to say that
I have no sense of honor?
Well, that remains to be seen.
Yes.
You wouldn't
risk going
into Cardassian space
for just anyone.
It would have to be someone
important to you--
someone you
cared about.
I think
than Tain's advisor.
you were more
I think you were his protégé
and he was your mentor.
That is, until he sent you
into exile.
And yet,
despite all that,
you care enough about him
to risk your life for him.
Or is all that just supposition?
Very interesting analysis...
very interesting.
Particularly coming from you.
Oh?
It's been my observation
from a sense of justice,
that you always act
or at least what you
consider justice.
behind what you do--
There's no feeling
no emotion beyond
a certain distaste
for loose ends and disorder.
to care about someone, do you?
You don't know what it means
interesting creatures
People are just
to be studied and analyzed.
Is there any point to this?
Only that I find it
interesting
that you ascribe feelings
and motivations to me
that you know
nothing about.
Or am I wrong?
Tell me.
Is there one person
in this universe
you do care for?
One person who's more
than just an interesting
puzzle to be solved.
Is there, Odo?
Anyone?
If there were, I certainly
wouldn't tell you.
And that would be
a wise decision.
I'm taking us out of warp.
We're approaching
the Unefra system.
( console beeping )
What's that?
a subspace energy surge
directly above us.
I'm detecting
A vessel of some kind
is de-cloaking.
It's a Romulan warbird.
In Cardassian space?
They've locked onto us
with a tractor beam.
Take the helm.
I'll going to try to send out
a distress signal.
The tractor lock is too strong.
I can't pull away.
our transmission.
They're jamming
Do you think you got through?
I don't know.
I'm going to hail them,
see what they want.
I think we're about
to find out.
Tain.
Ah, Garak, it's good
of you to come.
of having to send someone else
It spares me the trouble
to kill you.
Come in, come in!
It's been
a long time, Elim.
So, you're a tailor now.
Is this one of
your creations?
A minor example
of my work, yes.
I don't think
I like the neckline.
Well, you always did have
a keen sense of fashion,
but you seem
to have let it go
along with your
once-trim figure.
( chuckles )
Constable Odo.
I've always wanted
to meet you.
I wish I could
say the same.
Oh, come now.
Haven't you ever been the
least bit curious about me,
about my relationship
with Garak
or our work in
the Obsidian Order?
I seldom waste time
speculating
about retired spymasters
and their associates.
He's good.
He hides his true feelings
almost as well
as you do, Elim.
He'd have made a good
operative in the old days.
I had the same
thought myself.
But then, those days
are long gone.
At least,
they are for me.
You, on the other hand,
seem to have left your
retirement far behind,
unless you're simply
on a pleasure cruise
with your
pointed-eared friends.
Cunning, isn't he?
He makes a racial slur
within earshot
of two Romulans,
putting me in the position
of either defending them,
thus giving away
my allegiance to them,
or letting the comment pass--
in which case
he's managed to plant a seed
of discord between us.
any of this interesting.
Frankly, I don't find
You both go to such lengths
to hide the true meaning
of your words,
you end up saying nothing.
when I have something to say
I think you'll find
you won't have any trouble
understanding it.
To answer your question,
Garak,
on a pleasure cruise.
no, I'm not
This ship is part
of a fleet
of Romulan and
Cardassian vessels.
A fleet that will
very soon be traveling
through the wormhole
into the Gamma Quadrant.
on a mission of peaceful
I take it you're not
exploration.
Not exactly.
the Dominion, aren't you?
You're going to attack
a first strike against them
You're going to stage
into the Alpha Quadrant.
before they can come
A clear and precise analysis.
Commander Sisko must find you
a valuable advisor.
A daring plan.
I didn't think there was
anyone in the Central Command
bold enough
to take on the Dominion.
about the Central Command?
Who said anything
This is a joint operation
between the Obsidian Order
and the Tal Shiar.
Orias system for months now.
a fleet of ships in the
We've been building
they'll certainly strike back.
If you attack the Dominion,
You'll be taking Romulus
and Cardassia into war--
a war you may not win.
I don't think they'll
be striking back.
Our intention is
to wipe out the Dominion
in one single blow
by eliminating the Founders.
Without them,
the Dominion will collapse.
You seem disturbed
by this, changeling.
Why? After all--
didn't you turn your back
on your people?
You seem to know
a great deal
about me
and my people.
We know everything
you know,
including the location
of their homeworld.
Ah! Starfleet has shared
their intelligence
on the Dominion
with the Romulans.
And the Romulans
have shared it with me.
if I reduce the scope
of this conversation
You'll forgive me
to something
a little more personal.
But why was it
necessary to kill me
and the rest of our
former colleagues
in order to embark on
this excursion into
the Gamma Quadrant?
Because, Garak, I don't plan
on going back into retirement
when this is over.
to my old job and my old life.
I plan on going back
You were afraid
we knew things--
things that could
be used against you
and so you decided
to have us eliminated.
burn your bridges behind you.
Like I used to say, always
You never know who might be
trying to follow.
You always used
to say as well
that the Tal Shiar
was sloppy.
You never should
have relied on them
to burn your bridges.
True. They never should
have hired the Flaxian
to blow up your shop.
I blew up my shop.
Actually,
It was a way
of piquing the interest
of the good
Constable here.
( laughing )
You blew up your own shop?
are a true original.
You, my friend,
If you hadn't betrayed me,
things would have been
very different.
I never betrayed you!
At least, not in my heart.
Why do you think
I'm here?
I came because I thought
the Romulans were
trying to kill you.
I came here to save you.
myself say this, Garak...
I never thought I'd hear
but I believe you.
Excuse me?
You can go.
The changeling, of course,
will have to stay,
but you're
free to go.
Your runabout is
in Launching Bay 3.
Just like that?
Just like that.
Aren't you concerned
that I might warn
and Starfleet of your plans?
the Central Command
It's too late.
Central Command will
have a war on its hands,
whether it wants one
or not.
And as for Starfleet,
this isn't their fight.
They won't interfere.
It's a trick, Garak.
After all this, he won't
let you just walk away.
It's not a trick,
it's a choice.
that door or join me.
You can walk out
Join you?
That is what you've been
waiting for, isn't it?
TAIN:
To end your exile?
into the fold?
To come back
Cardassia again, by my side.
I'm asking you to serve
You'll pardon me if I
appear a little startled,
but are you saying
that all is forgiven?
I can't forgive what you did,
but I can try to forget--
as if it never happened.
to put it aside
So, do you want to go back
to your shop and hem pants,
or shall we pick up
where we left off?
Garak, this is the man
who put you into exile.
This is the man
who just two days ago
tried to have you killed.
Yes, he is...
but it doesn't matter.
I am back.